# TCVP
## Privacy Policy
We knows the importance of personal information to you and will try to protect your personal information security. T he principle of consistency of powers and responsibilities, the principle of clear purpose, the principle of choice and consent, the principle of necessity, the principle of ensuring security, the principle of openness and transparency, etc. At the same time, we promise to take corresponding security measures to protect your personal information according to law.

This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:

How does our bank collect and use your personal information?

How to use Cookie and similar technologies in our bank

How can we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information?

How does our bank store and protect your personal information?

Your right to control personal information

How do we deal with minor information

How to update this policy

How to contact our bank

How to collect and use your personal information

Personal information refers to all kinds of information recorded electronically or in other ways that can identify a particular natural person's identity or reflect the activities of a particular natural person independently or in combination with other information. Personal information includes name, date of birth, ID number, personal biometric information, communication contact, address, account information, property status, track and so on. Once the information is leaked, illegally provided or abused, which may endanger personal and property security, it will easily lead to personal reputation, physical and mental health damage or discriminatory treatment, etc. It is personal sensitive information, mainly including: ID number, personal biometric information, bank account, credit information, property information, transaction. Information, trajectory, health physiological information, etc.

(1) How to collect information

In order to provide you with services and ensure the security of your e-banking services (e-banking services, mobile banking services, Internet website services, short message financial services, Wechat banking services, direct banking services, financial services, etc.), we will collect your use clothes during your use of e-banking services. Input or use of service-generated information in the process of business:

When you open e-banking services, according to laws, regulations and regulatory requirements, our bank will collect your personal basic information, identity information, property information, communication information, biometric information, mobile phone number information to help you complete the e-banking registration. If you refuse to provide such information, you may not be able to open it. Electronic banking may not be able to use our bank's services properly.

When you use e-banking functions or services, for example, in the following cases, you may need to provide or authorize our bank to collect user information for the corresponding services. If you refuse to provide information about some functions or services, you may not be able to use some functions or services, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions or services of electronic banking.

(1) In order to enable you to use mobile banking safely and quickly, when binding mobile banking for the first time, you need to manually send the designated short message content (88 88) to 95533 to obtain the authorization code; in the link of requiring short message verification code, you may need to read the content of short message verification code to help you fill in the authentication code. If you refuse the authorization of communication information (short message), the mobile bank of our bank will not read the content of short message, and the system background will not save the content of short message.

(2) If you choose to login, transfer, pay and authenticate through fingerprint, voiceprint and face brushing functions in mobile banking, you need to provide our bank with your fingerprint, voice and face image information. You can turn this on or off through the Mobile Bank's "Security Center - Security Verification - Fingerprint / Voiceprint / Face Brushing" feature. Our bank will not collect your fingerprints. Your fingerprints are only stored on your authorized fingerprint collection equipment. The voiceprint and face information collected by our bank with your express consent will be encrypted and stored in the back-end database of our bank's information system. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with products or services that you need to complete fingerprint, voiceprint, face authentication before you can use them.

For some brands or models of mobile phone terminals, their own local biometric authentication functions, such as face recognition, whose information is processed by the mobile terminal provider, we will not retain the information in the relevant functions of your mobile phone terminal.

(3) When you use mobile phone bank to transfer money to mobile phone number (mobile, telecommunications and Unicom mobile phone number), remittance short message notification, payment to friends, opening Long Card Loan Bar involves the function of address book, we only get the contact information you clicked from the address book, and encrypted transmission to prevent malicious interception. The above information belongs to personal sensitive information. If you do not need to use the above functions, the failure to provide this information will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.

(4) When you use transfer remittance, account payment and two-dimensional number payment functions, you need to provide the recipient's mobile phone number, name, bank card number/account number, account opening bank, fund use information, and may need to provide your name, mobile phone number, document type and document number information to facilitate identification and identification. Payment services using the above functions. In addition, we will also collect your relevant records of payment and receipt transactions for your inquiry. The specific matters concerned shall be implemented in accordance with the Personal Customer Service Agreement of the Electronic Bank of China Construction Bank, which you agreed to sign when you added the bank card. The above information belongs to personal sensitive information. If you refuse to provide this information, it will only make you unable to use the above functions, but it will not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.

(5) When you use the real-name authentication service provided by mobile phone bank, you may need to provide your name, certificate type, certificate number, bank card number/account number, equipment information, fingerprint authentication, voiceprint authentication, face-brushing authentication information. Our bank may also verify the relevant information by verifying account number/card password and short message authentication number. Check the validity. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with products or services that can be used only after the real-name certification has been completed.

(6) When you use the real-name authentication service provided by the direct selling bank or "e-account", we need you to provide your name, gender, nationality, occupation, address, contact information, document type, document number, validity bank card number/account number, face-brushing authentication, document image information. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with products or services that can be used only after the real-name certification has been completed.

(7) When you use the search service provided by mobile banking, our bank will collect your search keyword information. When the search keyword information cannot independently identify your personal identity, the information does not belong to your user information, we can use it for other purposes; when the search keyword information can be combined with other information to identify your personal identity, we will use your search keyword information as your search keyword information during the combination period. Protect your user information.

(8) When you use location-based functions, our bank collects your location information in order to provide you with corresponding services in your location. If you refuse to provide this information, you will not be able to use the above functions, but this does not affect your normal use of other functions of mobile banking.

(9) When you manage information through mobile banking, our bank may verify your original login password, signed SMS verification code, original equipment and biological characteristics. You can unbind the device through the Mobile Bank Security Center. To ensure the security of your account funds, when you enter the "security center" for quick payment management, you need to verify your user identity, and provide the four digits after the mobile phone number, signed mobile phone number SMS authentication number.

(10) When you use SMS banking and Wechat banking services, our bank will collect your account information and transaction information in order to send you timely notifications of changes in account funds and related transactions; our bank may provide your account information and transaction information to our partners after your express consent in order to give you timely information. Send account capital changes and related transaction notifications; our bank may also collect the information legally retained by our partners and share it with your authorization, so as to provide you with corresponding message notification and reminder services.

(11) When you use online banking, mobile banking and direct banking services, our bank will collect your transaction information and form a payee roster to simplify your transfer operation. If you choose mobile short message dynamic password as a security authentication tool, we will send mobile short message dynamic password to your contracted mobile phone number for use. Transaction verification of online banking, mobile banking and direct selling banking.

(12) When you use the membership real-name authentication service provided by the Internet website, we need you to provide your name, bank card number/account number, mobile phone number information, and may verify the validity of relevant information by verifying bank card number/account number and password. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with products or services that can be used only after the real-name certification has been completed.

(13) When you apply for an e-account using the Internet website, we need you to provide your name, ID number, validity period of ID card, mobile phone number, and binding bank card number. At the same time, we need you to provide ID photo in order to verify the authenticity of your identity. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with this service. 　 　 (14) When you use Shanrong Business Registration as a member of the platform, we need to obtain your name, certificate type, certificate number, contact information. We collect these information to provide customer service support for you. 　 　 　 　 In order to better present the goods or services you need, we may collect equipment information (including device name, device type, device identification code, operating system and application version, language settings, resolution, service provider network ID (PLMN)), browser type and version to provide you with the best display of product information. Way. 　 　 　 　 In order to enhance your shopping experience in Shanrong Business, we will extract the characteristics of your shopping preferences, behavior habits and location information according to your browsing, searching, adding shopping carts, collecting, purchasing records, equipment information and location information, and push you the information of goods you are interested in based on the feature label. 　 　 　 　 You can also search to find exactly the goods or services you need. Our bank will retain or count your search keywords and click data to facilitate your re-entry or show you the goods associated with your search content. Please note that your search keyword information can not independently identify your identity and does not belong to your personal information. In order to provide more efficient search services for you and other users, our bank has the right to use it. Only when your search keyword information is used in conjunction with other information of you and can identify your identity, will we use you in conjunction with other information. Search keyword information as your personal information, along with your search history, is processed and protected in accordance with this privacy policy. 　 　 　 　 　 　 When you use the order service provided by Shanrong Business, you need to fill in the name, address and mobile phone number information of the consignee/consignee in the order page. At the same time, the order number, the information of the goods or services you purchase, the amount you should pay and the mode of payment will be included in the order page. 　 　 　 　 When you use cross-border merchandise trading services provided by Shanrong Business, Shanrong Business and Platform Businessmen need to transmit payment orders and orders including customer real name information (including name and ID number) to Customs. Merchants obtain order information from Shanrong Business through system docking interface. Shanrong Business will transmit order information including customer real name information (including name and ID number) to Shanrong Business. 　 　 　 　 When you use the mobile phone recharge service provided by Shanrong Business, you can quickly select the phone number through the address book without your manual input. After the refusal of authorization, the mobile phone recharge service can still be used, but the mobile phone number needs to be entered manually. Shanrong Business only reads and records the designated telephone number, but does not read the customer's full address book. 　 　 　 　 　 　 When booking tickets such as air tickets, train tickets, hotels and scenic spots, you may also need to provide your real name information in accordance with national laws and regulations and regulatory requirements or the requirements of service providers (such as ticket sellers, hotels, travel agencies and their authorized agents, basic telecommunications operators, mobile resellers operators), which may include your identity information (e.g. Your ID card, officer's card, passport and driver's license contain a copy or number of your identity card, your photo, name and telephone number. These orders may also contain information about your itinerary, Hotel address, Booker identity, contact name and telephone number. 　 　 　 　 　 　 All the above information constitutes your order information. We will use your order information to verify your identity, confirm transactions, settle accounts, complete distribution, inquire orders for you and provide customer service consultation and after-sales service. We will also use your order information to determine whether there are abnormalities in your transaction to protect your transaction security. 　 　 　 　 　 　 After placing the order, you can choose to pay with CCB card or other bank card. When you place an order and choose cash on delivery or pay online, Shanrong Business and Third Party Distribution Company will complete the delivery of the order for you. You hereby agree that Shanrong commercial merchants and third-party distribution companies, after-sales services, etc. can use your order information to provide you with goods or services. 　 　 　 　 　 　 Our telephone customer service and after-sales functions will use your account information and order information. To ensure the security of your account, our customer service will use your account information to verify your identity with you. When you need our customer service and after-sales service related to your order information, we will inquire about your order information. You may provide other information besides the above information when communicating with our customer service staff, such as when you ask us to change our distribution address, contact person or contact telephone number. 　 　 　(15) When you use the real-name authentication service provided by Shanrong Commercial Exchange Payment, we need you to provide your name, certificate type, certificate number, bank card number/account number, bank card reserved mobile phone number, membership mobile phone number, transaction password, net silver shield number information, and possibly through the verification of account number, card password, short message, and so on. Credit card security code/validity period, transaction password, face brushing and screen checking are used to verify the validity of relevant information. If you do not provide the above information, we will not be able to provide you with products or services that can be used only after the real-name certification has been completed. 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　3. When you use e-banking service, in order to maintain the normal operation of the service, optimize our service experience and ensure the security of your account, we will collect the following basic information, including your device model, operating system, unique device identifier, mobile banking software version number, IP address, the party accessing the network. Type, type and status, network quality data, device accelerator (such as gravity sensing device), operation log, service log information (such as information you search, view in mobile bank, service failure information), geographic location information, which is the basic information that must be collected to provide services for you to ensure that You normally use our services. 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　4. In order to provide you with more accurate, personalized and convenient services, enhance service experience, improve service quality, or guard against risks, we will collect information from your feedback suggestions or reports, the types, methods and operation information of your use of electronic banking functions or services, and your user information in our bank. Our bank will make statistics and analysis of this information and provide you with corresponding services or products based on the above information. 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　5. When you use the services provided by the third party in the electronic bank, the third party may obtain the information of your nickname, avatar, location, name, document type, document number and mobile phone number; after your express consent, the third party may obtain the above information; for the owner when you use the services provided by the third party The relevant information provided to a third party shall be deemed to be that you allow the third party to obtain such information; for the information generated when you use the third party service, you and the third party shall agree on the collection and use of such information in accordance with the law. If you refuse the third party to collect, use or transmit the above information when providing services, you may not be able to use the third party's corresponding services in e-banking, but this does not affect your use of other functions of e-banking. 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　6. In the following cases, you may choose whether to authorize our bank to collect and use your personal information: 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　(1) Camera, which is used for general purposes such as recognizing two-dimensional code, face recognition, setting up head image, video recording and e-account opening, is used in face recognition login/transfer/payment/promotion authentication, sweep, head image setting, video recording and e-account opening scenarios. When authorization is denied, the above functions will not be available. We will acquire face data and other data, encrypted and stored in the system background database. 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　 　(2) Microphone, used for voiceprint recognition, recording, voice navigation, voice banking, voice broadcasting, voice customer service, in voiceprint login/transfer/payment, voice navigation, voice banking, Longfu voice broadcasting, private banking advisory services voice broadcasting scene. When authorization is denied, the above functions will not be available. The voiceprint data collected by our bank are encrypted and stored in the background database of the system. 　 　 (3) Mobile phone address book, in the process of transfer and payment, is used to help you quickly select the phone number through the address book, without your manual input. After refusing authorization, the functions of transferring money to mobile phone number, paying friends, remittance short message notification, and opening of Longka Loan Bar can still be used, but the mobile phone number needs to be input manually. Mobile banking only reads and records the designated telephone number, but does not read the customer's full address book. Our bank's background system stores the address book. 　 　 　 　 　 　 (4) Mobile phone short messages, in the need for short message verification code link may need to read the content of short message verification code to help you fill in the verification code. If you refuse the authorization of communication information (short message), the mobile bank of our bank will not read the content of short message, and the system background will not save the content of short message. 　 　 　 　 　 　 (5) Geographical location, to obtain your geographical location, mainly for electronic banking transactions wind control, in addition to showing urban services. The system background saves the location information when you trade. After refusing authorization, the relevant functions of mobile banking can not be used. 　 　 　 　 (6) Read the list of installed apps and scan for the existence of counterfeit CCB APP apps on mobile devices. After refusing authorization, the health check function of APP cannot be used. The system background does not save the list information of installed applications. 　 　 　 　 　 　 (7) Bluetooth, which is used to connect and interact with third-party devices through Bluetooth. After the refusal of authorization, Longmi bracelet and smooth card recharge function can not be used. The Bluetooth configuration information of the customer's mobile phone is not saved in the background of the system. 　 　 　 　 　 　 (8) Network communication, used to communicate with the server. After refusing authorization, all functions of mobile banking can not be used. The system background stores the network information of the devices used by customers when they trade, including IP, port and other information. 　 　 　 　 　 　 The above functions may require you to open your camera (camera), geographic location (location information), microphone, Bluetooth access rights to our bank in your device to achieve the collection and use of information involved in these functions. Please note that if you open these permissions, you authorize our bank to collect and use these information to achieve the above functions. If you cancel these permissions, we will no longer continue to collect and use your information, nor will we be able to provide you with the functions corresponding to these permissions. 　 　 　 　 　 　 If you collect or use your information outside of the above circumstances, we will seek your consent in advance and fully inform you of the purpose, manner and scope of information collection and use. 　 　 　 　 　 　 (2) How to Use Information 　 　 　 　 　 　 1. Use in providing you with our financial products or services and in improving them. 　 　 　 　 　 　 2. During our financial services to you, you authorize us to continue to collect and use your information. When you cancel your service, we will stop collecting your personal information, but we will continue to use your personal information collected before in the areas of business data archiving, auditing, regulatory consulting, etc. 　 　 　 　 　 　 3. In order to enhance your product or service experience, or to guard against risks, our bank will make services available to you. 　 　 　 　 　 　 Use summary, statistical analysis, processing, but these information will not contain any of your identification information. 　 　 　 　 　 　 4. In order to let you know about the use of our financial products or services or to further understand our services, we will send you a service status notification and commercial information on related products or services. 　 　 　 　 　 　 5. You authorize consent and other uses permitted by law. 　 　 　 　 　 　 (3) Exceptions to obtaining authorized consent 　 　 　 　 　 　 In accordance with relevant laws, regulations, regulatory requirements and national standards, our bank may collect and use your personal information in the following circumstances without requiring your authorized consent: 　 　 　 　 　 　 1. directly related to national security and national defense security; 　 　 　 　 　 　 2. directly related to public safety, public health and major public interests; 　 　 　 　 　 　 3. directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 　 　 　 　 　 　 4. It is very difficult to obtain your own consent in order to safeguard your or other individual's vital and lawful rights and interests, such as life and property. 　 　 　 　 　 　 5. The personal information collected is open to the public on your own.　　 　 　　 　 　　 　 　　　6. Collecting personal information from lawfully disclosed information, such as lawful news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　7. It is necessary to sign and perform the contract according to your requirements. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　8. It is necessary to maintain the safe and stable operation of the products or services provided, for example, to detect and dispose of faults in the products or services; 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　9. Necessary for legitimate news reporting; 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　10. When a statistical or academic research institute is necessary for the public interest, and when it provides the results of academic research or description to the outside world, the personal information contained in the results is de-labeled. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　11. Other situations stipulated by laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　2. How to use Cookie and similar technologies in our bank 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　(1) Cookie 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　To ensure that the website works properly, our bank will store a small data file called Cookie on your computer or mobile device. Cookies usually contain identifiers, site names, and numbers and characters. With the help of Cookie, the website can store data such as your preferences or goods in the shopping basket. We will not use Cookie for any purpose other than those stated in this Policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. You can remove all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have the ability to block cookies. But if you do, you need to change the user settings every time you visit our website. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　Do Not Track 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　Many web browsers have the Do Not Track function, which can publish Do Not Track requests to websites. At present, major Internet Standards Organizations have not set up relevant policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. But if your browser enabled Do Not Track, then all our websites will respect your choice. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　How can we share, transfer and publicly disclose your personal information? 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　(1) Sharing and Transfer 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　1. Our bank will not share or transfer your personal information to any other company, organization or individual unless you have express consent or authorization. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　2. If the business needs to share or transfer your personal information, we will inform you of the purpose of sharing or transferring personal information, the type of data receiver, and obtain your authorized consent. When it comes to sensitive information, we will also inform you of the type of sensitive information, the identity of the data receiver and the data security capability, and obtain your express authorization consent. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　3. Please understand that our bank may share your personal information in accordance with laws and regulations or mandatory requirements of the competent government departments. 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　 　 　　　4. According to laws, regulations and business practices, in similar transactions such as mergers, acquisitions and asset transfers, if personal information transfer is involved, we will require new companies and organizations holding your personal information to continue to be bound by this privacy policy. Otherwise, we will ask the company and organizations to seek authorization consent from you again. 　　 　 　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　(2) Protection 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　1. Our bank has used industry-standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss of data. Our bank will take all reasonable and feasible measures to protect your personal information. For example, our bank will use encryption technology to ensure the confidentiality of data; we will use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious attacks on data; we will deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access personal information; and we will organize security and privacy protection training courses to enhance staff awareness Recognition of the importance of protecting personal information. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　2. If all or part of the electronic banking business provided by our bank ceases to operate, we will inform you of the relevant products or services through announcements and other forms. At the same time, we will stop the collection of your personal information by the relevant products or services, so as to protect your personal information security. If all or part of the electronic banking business is interrupted due to technical failures, network attacks, natural disasters and accidents, and human factors, we will take emergency measures to deal with them and restore services as soon as possible. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　3. We have obtained the following certification: At present, we have passed the national network security level protection evaluation and filing, and the data center has met the requirements of ISO27001 certification standard in information security, and obtained the corresponding certification. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　4. We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no irrelevant personal information is collected. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　5. Please understand that due to technical limitations and possible malicious attacks, there may be unexpected situations that our bank can not reasonably predict, prevent, avoid and control. Internet is not an absolutely safe environment. Please use complex passwords to help our bank to ensure the security of your account. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　6. In the event of personal information security incidents, we will inform you of the relevant information of the incidents by mail, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. in accordance with the requirements of laws and regulations, or issue announcements in a reasonable and effective manner. At the same time, our bank will also report the disposal of personal information security incidents in accordance with the regulation. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　5. Your Right to Control Personal Information 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　In accordance with the relevant laws, regulations and regulations of China, our bank guarantees you the right to exercise the following rights with respect to your personal information: 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　(1) Accessing, correcting and updating your personal information 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　You have the right to access, correct and update your personal information through our Internet website, Internet banking, mobile banking, telephone banking, Wechat banking and Shanrong business channels, except as otherwise stipulated by laws and regulations. It is your responsibility to update your personal information in time. Before you modify your personal information　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Security Settings - Provide customers with a variety of security services to enhance the use of online banking, to ensure the security of online banking accounts. The main functions include: modifying password, dynamic password, opening convenient payment service, verification-free settings, activation of national secret shield, fast transfer settings. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Personal Information Settings - Mail service receives announcement information sent by internet bank and provides customers with the function of sending consultation, complaints, suggestions, praise and other information to the system. To provide customers with personalized user nickname settings, you can use the nickname to login to the Construction Bank Online bank. Support to query basic personal information and set up head and background pictures. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Message service customization - can customize maintenance account change notification, financial market notification, credit card message notification, credit card activity information reminder, notification message received through mobile banking, short message channels. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　3. After you log on to the members of the Internet website, you can inquire and modify your basic information in "My.com" - "User Information", mainly including your avatar, mobile phone number, login password, e-mail, nickname, in addition, you can add a bound bank card number/account number. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　4. You can login to Shanrong Business Personal Mall. In "My Mall" - "Membership Service", you can inquire and modify your basic information, mainly including your avatar, mobile phone number, login password, e-mail, nickname, location; in Shanrong Business Enterprise Mall, you can inquire and repair in "Business Center" - "Membership Service". Change your basic information, including mobile phone number, login password, e-mail, avatar. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Modification of mobile phone number information signed by mobile phone banks must be handled through our bank's counter, E-terminal or self-service equipment. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　(2) Delete your personal information 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　In the following cases, you may request our bank to delete personal information: 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　1. If I violate laws and regulations in dealing with personal information; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　2. If I collect and use your personal information without your consent; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　3. If my actions in dealing with personal information violate the agreement with you; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　4. If you no longer use our products or services, or you cancel your account; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　5. If we no longer provide you with products or services 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　2. If you cancel online banking, you can log in to "Account Management" in the menu of "My Account", choose "cancel online banking service", delete all accounts of online banking and terminate online banking service; or choose "personal online banking cancellation" in the personal online banking login interface, enter the customer's name, certificate number, real-name account number and account of any construction bank. User password, account reserved mobile phone number information, after verification success, you can enter the account page, delete all accounts of online banking and terminate online banking services. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　3. If you cancel Wechat Bank, you can cancel the binding relationship between bank account and Wechat by clicking on the Wechat menu or inputting the "unbind" order to our bank's public number through dialog mode, or clicking the "no longer pay attention" button on the details page of Wechat Public Number of China Construction Bank, you can cancel the attention of the "China Construction Bank" Wechat Public Number and cancel the customs clearance. After annotation, the system automatically unbinds all customer relationships. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　4. If you cancel short message financial services, you can cancel short message financial services in many ways, including upstream short messages, Internet sites, telephone banks, personal online banking, mobile banking and bank outlets. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Uplink Short Message - You can cancel the account change notification service by using your mobile phone to edit the short message "QXZH" or "QXFW" to 95533. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Internet site logoff - you can log on to the Construction Bank portal website www.ccb.com, click on the "e-bank-message service customization" page to enter the short message financial service opening page, according to their own needs to cancel the short message account change notification, financial information short message or payment recharge service. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Call Bank Log-off - You can choose manual service by calling 95533. After authentication, you can explain to the customer service representative the requirement of canceling SMS account change notification service. At the same time, you can also choose self-service voice to cancel. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Personal online banking cancellation - you can log in to the online banking, and then cancel the account change notification service in the "Settings" message service customization. Among them, senior customers of personal online banking can cancel short message transfer remittance and payment recharge service in "channel interaction signing and maintenance" of "my account" after they log in to online banking. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Mobile Bank Log-off - After you log in to the mobile bank, you can cancel the account change notification service through the "Message Service Customization" menu. Among them, senior customers of mobile banking can cancel the payment recharge service through the menu of "Short Message Financial Service" after they log in to mobile banking. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　If you are not a registered user of our bank, you can choose to uninstall or stop using the mobile bank client to prevent us from obtaining your personal information. Once you cancel your electronic bank, your mobile bank will cancel synchronously. We will no longer collect your personal information through the mobile bank client, and will delete all information about your mobile bank, unless the laws and regulations or regulatory authorities have stipulated the storage time of personal information. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Please note that our bank will not cancel your mobile banking when registered users only delete App from mobile devices, and all information about your mobile banking will not be deleted. You still need to cancel your e-bank to achieve the above purpose. Cancellation of e-banking will not be self-imposed　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　1. Relevant to national security and national defense security; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　2. Relevant to public safety, public health and major public interests; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　3. Relevant to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial and execution of judgments; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　4. There is sufficient evidence that you have subjective malice or abuse of power; 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　5. Responding to your request will cause serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of you or other individuals and organizations. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　6. The business secrets of our bank are involved. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　6. How do we deal with minor information 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　Minors may not create their own user accounts without the consent of their guardians. If you are a minor, please read this guideline carefully and use our services or provide us with information with the consent of your guardian. We will only use and provide this information when laws, regulations and regulatory requirements permit or protect minors. 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　7. How to update this policy 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　 　 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　In accordance with the changes of national laws and regulations and the needs of service operation, our bank will amend this policy and related rules from time to time. The revised contents will be published through our Internet website, mobile phone bank, online bank, Wechat client, etc., which will take effect immediately after publication and replace the previous relevant contents. From time to time, you should pay attention to the changes of relevant announcements, prompts, agreements and rules. You know and confirm that if you do not agree with the updated content, you should immediately stop using the corresponding services and cancel the relevant users. We will stop collecting your relevant personal information. If you continue to use the services, you will be deemed to agree to accept the updated content.
